Hello
Welcome to another video
of
Hidden Legends of Games
in today's video we will talk about the
The Cursed Super Mario 64 cartridge
Opening
I always liked the super mario 64
When I was a kid, I remember
plays it almost every day in the house of the my Aunt
one day a pop up appeared from the
nothing while watching a video of
gameplay of this same game on youtube
I was a bit scared I was
about to close the window
when I noticed it was from a website showing a copy of Super Mario 64 sale
had photos and everything
I usually do not trust these things.
but the feeling of nostalgia and me
dominated and I wanted to buy it immediately
the whole thing was peculiar seeing how the game owner wanted the buyer
send an envelope containing $ 10 to a website address
instead of using something like the
paypal what made things more strange
was when I tried to access the website
after encountering problems with the game
the page could not be found anymore
a few days after the $10 was
sent is to receive a packet containing
a new copy of the game
the first thing I noticed when I opened the
small box was that the official sticker
of the game with Mario flying in the air
with hat was apparently ripped off
something like
in its place there was a piece of tape
adhesive with roughly written MARIO with the permanent marker
I felt a little cheated but
counting that the game work if I do not I would mind, pulling nintendo 64 off
box and placed the cartridge on the
appeared with the face of her husband as always
that you could pull as much as I wanted
I remember laughing a lot with everyone
results when you could
I decided to sound a little just for the times old
move the cursor to the ear of the
and drew in large proportions
me and even do the same with the other ear when suddenly the TV made a
static noise too loud
Mario's head began to deform
in a way that I did not even know it was
possible with that model sounds
of the game began to play
along with static noise
while all this was happening I
could hear a weak voice whispering in
Japanese.
The voice was weak and was crying.
I immediately turned off the game and
I tried again and did not mind
Mario's head this time only. I put a new file and started play
when I selected the file
game has proven all that introduction monologue of princess peach
and happened then was that...